README.md, before:

# homework2

Commit 1 -> created contact.html, index.html, portfolio.html, and a style.css sheet 

commit 2-> took portfolio from classwork (my classwork, not solved from upenn directory, and pasted to index.html)

commit 3-> deleted head, deleted body. kept bootstrap info. added background color to css. going to start fresh :) 

commit 4_> added bootstrap info from site, added nav bar. worked nav bar. realized i made two directories inside assets, deleted one. ccs now working for nav bar...completed nav bar for Contact Me. will work on contact me first, then move info over to other pages... finished contact page. commit and move to portfolio. 

commit 5-> minor edits/moved nav info to portfolio...added nav to all. edited nav... giving up on nav for now... moving to content for about me....having trouble resizing the image, and getting it to snap to grid inside the wrapper... fixed image size, tried to get text to wrap, did not work...made basic changes and moving to portfolio, but noticed the bottom of my border on the wrapper has gone missing, and the nav bar is no longer fixed...

commit->6 adding rps.html and other games to asset file. got all files to get onto portfolio and got fixed nav bar again.

Commit message:

added pictures into portfolio and next is cleaning and making sure things work

README.md, after:

# homework2

Commit 1 -> created contact.html, index.html, portfolio.html, and a style.css sheet 

commit 2-> took portfolio from classwork (my classwork, not solved from upenn directory, and pasted to index.html)

commit 3-> deleted head, deleted body. kept bootstrap info. added background color to css. going to start fresh :) 

commit 4_> added bootstrap info from site, added nav bar. worked nav bar. realized i made two directories inside assets, deleted one. ccs now working for nav bar...completed nav bar for Contact Me. will work on contact me first, then move info over to other pages... finished contact page. commit and move to portfolio. 

commit 5-> minor edits/moved nav info to portfolio...added nav to all. edited nav... giving up on nav for now... moving to content for about me....having trouble resizing the image, and getting it to snap to grid inside the wrapper... fixed image size, tried to get text to wrap, did not work...made basic changes and moving to portfolio, but noticed the bottom of my border on the wrapper has gone missing, and the nav bar is no longer fixed...

commit->6 adding rps.html and other games to asset file. got all files to get onto portfolio and got fixed nav bar again. all pages work, and all pictures are in
